let's give you a hypothetical right here
if someone's established business you
make over 100 million dollars a year in
a market like United States when you
have a bad Market most likely your
numbers are going to start getting hurt
your growth is going to sit on your
numbers are going to start going
backwards but on the flip side if you're
in a new market let's say you just
expanded to the United Kingdom which has
a good GDP and you're at zero dollars in
Revenue good Market bad Market it
doesn't matter you're gonna close
something you shouldn't so you're gonna
be better off than where you were before
foreign
I have found that there's a lot of talk
about Blitz scaling but before you scale
you have to do unscalable stuff would
you agree or you don't agree and why or
why not depends on the business if I'm
trying to start a software company from
day one and it's a metoo software
company I'm creating a CRM let's say
competing with Salesforce and HubSpot
and the list goes on and on Zoho Sugar
CRM you may not need to do as much
manual stuff because you're in a older
industry that's established that already
has a lot of the systems and processes
built so you may not have to worry too
much about scalability because you can
get that early on on the flip side if
you're doing something new a lot of
times you're gonna have to grind it out
and things aren't as scalable as they
should be so when you started did you
start off with scalable leaving in mind
or you can just start off with it when I
started off by just thinking about
making money and that was it there was
no like oh I need to make a scale below
I need to make it super efficient and so
my margin my brother I'm just like how
much revenue can I make and how much of
that drops to the bottom line and goes
in my pocket that was it when you're
starting off it's for most people it's
much more basic in your conversation
with Matt Gray I noticed you said one of
your paves is people don't make Revenue
fast enough and they don't ship fast
enough they sit in analysis for a long
time and I have to confess I was guilty
of this and I'm still sometimes guilty
of it how do you bring yourself to get
to done and not get caught up in the
whole Perfection thing that's a tough
one and I don't know the honest answer
for that and here's why I'll say that so
when you're going out there and just
trying to get things done you just have
to have that mentality that it's okay
not to be perfect and just ship stuff
and get feedback but I don't know the
real secret or solution I think it's
more mentality than anything else not
putting a rocket into space if it falls
there's not that many repercussions
first rocking into space sure people
could die you know when you're talking
about building a software company you
have no paid customers who cares just
get it out there and get feedback what
do you have to lose and I think that's
where people make the mistake because
they over analyze they genuinely just
over analyze and I don't know why
instead of just trying to get it out
there and again no secret get out
there you do okay you don't get
out there you don't do it was okay not
rocket science if it's not perfect you
got it out there you adapt you learn
from your mistakes if it's great cool
lucky you because most people don't
experience that right away right like
it's more of a mental thing and can you
get over it I really like how honest and
open your being in this conversation so
thank you something you also said was
one of your biggest mistakes was not
being focused enough when you were
younger and you are more focused now
in episode 147 I spoke to Noah Kagan
about this as well and he said being
able to say no is an important skill how
do you say no and more importantly what
things do you say yes to what sort of
filters do you have in business when
picking projects so I say no to most
things and Ali say yes to my main
business and that's it so I was at
dinner one time and this guy does not
remember me but I was at a group dinner
one time there was a guy named Brian Lee
there Brian Lee created ShoeDazzle with
Kim Kardashian LegalZoom and honest
company and a few other companies honest
companies with Jessica Alba that's right
Brian taught me something and I didn't
understand it back then and I took the
advice for granted and when I say I took
it for granted I was like oh yeah I
learned this great piece of advice I'm
going to use it and I didn't take it
from granted from a mental note
standpoint but like on me for
not using it right I did not use it and
I was super arrogant I was like I'm good
I know what I'm doing but Brian once
said if your company is growing at a
nice Pace just have ladies are focusing
keep doing what you're doing the moment
your growth slows down start looking at
other things to do to speed it up so NP
digital all right you're based in
Australia right yep we have Australia
Division I don't know if you knew that
we have NP digital in Australia as well
there you go and Dan ends up running it
that's right and we have a lot of
different divisions the economy is bad
I'm not here to tell you we're booming
when a lot of people in marketing are
struggling I know most of the
competitors and I know a lot of their
numbers because they share did you know
our International when you look at
year-to-date numbers and you compare
them year over year has grown roughly 74
wow in this particular economy
so what are we doing to create more
growth we started the year with
Australia okay UK I'm excluding us but
Australia UK Brazil India Canada U.S
would make it six okay we also had
Germany but the Germany guy didn't work
out and he didn't want to do really any
work we both decided to Parkways not
trying to talk trash is it's the reality
of it yeah he just wants something else
in life so those are the five regions of
it now we're in roughly May 19 May 28th
I don't know a year time zone is May
20th while recording this so you got
those five regions six if you include
the United States we've already added
Italy Spain Singapore
Mexico Colombia
Malaysia Hong Kong Japan we're about to
add France so now you're looking at nine
regions that we've popped up in roughly
five months wow and the growth isn't
coming from these mu nine that we've
popped up it's coming from the existing
five and we're like the revenue really
is international which we knew but we
needed to see the data because it's
expensive to spend all this money to
expand overseas it costs millions of
dollars per region our original
projections were a million per region
but that's not the case sadly it's much
more so when you start adding them all
in and by the end of this year including
the United States will probably be
somewhere around 23 to 25 regions that
will be in countries when I say regions
like we're pushing hard for future
growth and international expansion so
what's driving this growth how are you
having this success when the rest of the
market is shrinking we're not just
focusing on the U.S let's give you a
hypothetical right here if someone's
established business you make over 100
million dollars a year in a market like
United States when you have a bad Market
most likely your numbers are going to
start getting hurt your growth is going
to slow down your numbers are going to
start going backwards but on the flip
side if you're in a new market let's say
you just expanded the United Kingdom
which has a good GDP and you're at zero
dollars in Revenue good Market bad
Market doesn't matter you're gonna close
something you shouldn't so you're gonna
be better off than where you were before
and in a good Market you'll close more
and a bad Market will close but it'll be
slower and that's why we're growing
still at a decent clip is because we're
adding a ton internationally we're not
seeing the revenue from all these
International regions yet because we've
been adding so many I think not next
year 2025 will be our year
that's superstitious they just knocked
on what but okay let's talk about
Revenue versus profit but I put on my
CPA or my MBA hat and I can tell you
that if a business is doing 10 million
100 million whatever a year but if
they're spending 11 million or 111
million to make that Revenue you're
worse off than the guy on the side of
the street in the cardboard box because
you're broke unless in theory yes unless
your company is valued on Revenue which
some are like a lot of SAS are but the
public markets now want profit and
investors now want profit unless you're
growing like 40 50 year over year
they're a little flexible but if you
don't have those growth numbers which
most people don't uh they want profit
and then the other problem that's
changed is before they were okay with no
profit if you have 40 50 growth but if
you keep having 40 50 growth and your
losses just keep compounding each year
faster than your growth there's a
problem yeah
you're familiar with my kind and we look
at we were taught at a young age that a
business is someone that makes profit
not right a reliable number so let's
talk about that I want to just drill
down to that
how do you ensure profitability because
I'm sick and tired of hearing people
talking about Revenue numbers revenue is
not important and it doesn't impress me
what impresses me is profit and I know
you're profitable but my question is how
do you focus on profitable Revenue as it
were and as importantly if not more
importantly how do you ensure cash flow
is always healthy
Good Financial team they do unit
economics and they make sure everything
we do is profitable and good leadership
see my CEO was this President of I
Prospect which is an agency Global
agency you manage I don't know how many
thousands of people but a lot and he
works at a publicly traded company and
one was one of their best divisions so
he had to run things based on a
quarterly basis now we don't run things
on a quarterly basis but you got to do
you gotta optimize for revenue and
profit and things like that so that's
important the other one to think about
for us is in this economy our profit is
going down drastically not because we
can't maintain it and grow it it's going
down because we're investing so heavily
internationally and technically that's
not considered profit when you look at
accounting rules we still have great
profit but we're taking the cash flow
we're looking at the profit we're paying
taxes on it and then we're reinvesting
it for international growth
right based on our Auditors RSM and BDO
that's the correct way we need to do it
so technically we still have great
profit we have terrible cash flow
because we're taking all the profits and
reinvesting them for international
expansion and growth which is going to
make us suffer from an income standpoint
for the next two years which I'm okay
with
I've got to say that I double revenue
for a few years in a row which was great
but I was reinvesting all of my profits
back into the business and that is what
I've found if you want to drive growth
you've got to reinvest would you agree
you do it's painful that you got it I
wish that wasn't the case I'd be much
happier with my pocketbook if that
wasn't the case but yeah that's life and
you know what if you love what you're
doing then you believe in it go for it
and you're building it right and if you
love as you say if you love it what
you're doing you don't work a day in
your life which is the case for me I
used to hate working in the corporate
world as an analyst but ever since I
started productive insights I've never
been happier so I couldn't agree more
with that you mentioned you've hired
good quality Financial people
tell me a little bit about your approach
to hiring because I think hiring is one
of the most important skills when it
comes to building a great company with a
great culture which also your press
release said that one of the reasons you
were voted for the Inc workplace I think
for the second year in a row is because
you have a good culture so talk to us
about hiring and culture so I'm not the
right person to talk to about culture I
don't want to you and tell you
this out of critical good culture my
co-founder does all that hiring we use
one simple strategy we look to see who's
worked for multiple of our competitors
because if they work for multiple
competitors they know your space we look
for people who stay there for a while
because that means they're loyal and we
look for people who've got promoted
consistently at our competitors so if
you're hiring someone for a role that
they've done in the past and they've
worked at your competitors and they've
continually got it promoted that means
other people found them valuable see
when you interview people tend to
oh I did really well and I
wrote this revenue and I'm the best and
this is why this company was successful
the truth is usually somewhere in
between what they're saying what the
company says
and
when you hire someone who's worked at
your competition or multiple competitors
they've gone continually promoted at
both places it means other people found
them to be valuable
those are the people you typically want
because when they say they can do
something usually they can or else they
wouldn't be continually promoted
that's the strategy to hire hit them up
on LinkedIn and we don't ever say Hey
you know love what you do we want to
hire you that we found that doesn't work
we'll be like
hey Ash love what you've done in
Australia at this Ad Agency assuming
we're hiring you to run an ad agency in
Australia we're actually looking for
someone just like you who has your skill
set do you know anyone who would be a
great fit
and that's it and then a lot of times
you Ash will be like actually I'm
interested and that's how it works out
to people
directly and say come work for us we
found that to be too direct and not work
as well that also applies very well to
sales right because when you say to
somebody I have a membership program for
example I often reach out and say I'm
looking to get other members just like
you because similar to a company I think
if you want to build a great membership
and I've got some really great members
in my membership program you've got to
hand pick the people then you've got to
build a good culture you've got to bring
the right members in because one crappy
member can just Poison the Well it's a
very nice non-invasive way to recruit
members as it were yes I didn't know you
had a co-founder I assumed you were the
only founder of NP digital a majority
owned majority of the company by far and
I have a co-founder his name is Mike
amazing guy has done an extremely well
in operations a great background for
recruiting and sales and then funny
enough my CEO is also named Mike okay